Abdullah
Mansoor Sufi
Karachi, Pakistan
+92 334 3182713
abdullahmansoor277@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/abdullah-
mansoor-a4781a182
github.com/abdullahmansoor727
I am a motivated front-end developer with around two years of experience creating custom websites using HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS, and VueJS. I am a quick learner and always eager to step out of my comfort zone
to learn new skills and technologies. Furthermore, I am currently working on my backend skill to become a full-stack
developer.
Experience
2022 – ONGOING (KARACHI, PAKISTAN " FULL TIME)
Software Developer / ByteCorp Technologies
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS).
Troubleshoot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers, and operating systems.
Worked on the company's AI-driven solution, Autilent. Developed the frontend interface for the dashboard.
Managed code modularity to minimize repetition and multiple modifications.
2021 – 2022 (KARACHI, PAKISTAN " FULL TIME)
Frontend Developer / Techsol360
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (VueJS), HTML5 and CSS3.
Troubleshoot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers, and operating systems.
Worked on a Software as a Service (SaaS) LMS application based on a multi-tenant structure.
Managed code modularity to minimize modifications when delivering to multiple tenants.
2019 – 2021 (KEIL, GERMANY" PART-TIME)
ReactJS Developer / Parhako " The Future of E-learning
Worked on a public forum application, Parhako.com. Developed the Frontend React Application using the (then) latest
version of React.
Revised, modularized, and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing operating costs and
improving functionality.
Refactored the application to replace class components with functional components and used React Hooks in place of the
native life cycle methods.
Implemented API calls using React Apollo and GraphQL to streamline user interface performance.
Collaborated with the Project Manager to provide enhanced solutions through iterative design generations.
Worked in the Agile model for software development, attending daily Scrums and collaborating with the backend team to
ensure smooth and timely completion of milestones.
Education
SEPTEMBER 2020 – ONGOING
BS Computer Science / Salim Habib University
AUGUST 2017 – AUGUST 2019
BS Computer Science / Habib University
AUGUST 2017 – AUGUST 2019
O' & A' Levels/ WHALES College
Skills
VueJS + Vuex " ReactJS " jQuery " JavaScript " NodeJS " HTML/CSS " .NET Core " Flutter
{end}