Page 1 of 2
Abdulahad Tahir 0092-304-4688919 abdulahadtahir433@gmail.com
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
An emerging full-stack software engineer that delivers innovative solutions to clients, with a focus on
user-centered design, efficient code, and overall conceptual thinking. Specializing in front-end and
backend development, I have expertise in JavaScript, React, Node.js, SQL, and NoSQL. Passionate
about using technology to solve real-world problems and enhance user experiences.
- Designed and implemented a complex Help Desk system that generated Ascend Solutions.
over $50M in revenue.
- Created many admin reporting panels for managing large data and presenting in visualization
that improved overall reporting efficiency by 500% for MOH Saudi Arabia.
- Created many user-friendly mobile apps for different clients that received more than 4-star
rating on the app store and increased overall user engagement by 75%.
- Developed an e-commerce platform that increased online sales by 200% for ElbizOfficial.
I am excited to join a team where I can contribute my skills to drive business success and work
alongside other talented professionals to create meaningful solutions.
Education & Certi cations
IBM / Enterprise Design Thinking Practitioner 2020
MERN Stack / Aptech Lahore 2020
BSCS / NCBA&E Lahore 2022
Experiences
Ascend - Saudi HealthCare solutions providers
Software Engineer – Full Time / Saudia - Pakistan
08/2021 - Present
Worked more with JavaScript technologies such as React, Node.js, Next.js, Gatsby.js,
Express.js, Vue.js, and React Native, as well as databases like MongoDB and SQL.
Developed and implemented a project management tool that resulted in a 75% increase in
satisfaction levels, higher conversions, and better ROI.
Designed and developed user-centric interfaces for several projects, utilizing expertise in UX,
interaction design, and user testing.
Managed multiple projects simultaneously as a team lead, ensuring effective communication,
collaboration, and delivery of quality work.
Integrated multiple systems and services, including payment gateways, CRMs, and email
marketing platforms, using APIs for dashboards and KPIs.
Optimized website and application performance with techniques such as lazy loading, code
splitting, and caching, dynamic, reusable components to ensure codebase efficiency and
consistency, resulting in faster load times and improved user experience.
Page 2 of 2
Completed Android and iOS application development, utilizing the latest technologies and
industry-standard practices.
Implemented code quality standards, conducted code reviews, and developed project
documentation.
Facilitated team meetings, mentored junior developers, and utilized agile methodologies to
manage projects effectively.
Won the award for the best application developer in 2022, demonstrating proficiency in code
practices, optimization, and development.
OneDiv - Global IT services & solutions
Ass. Software Engineer / Canada - Pakistan
Worked with various technologies including Redux, Google Maps API, push notifications,
animations, chart and graph integrations, language localization, WordPress, and
WooCommerce.
Created and managed inventory systems, management software, and classifieds data
visualization platform for clients.
Developed reusable React components, ensuring consistency and efficiency in project
development.
Built and managed ecommerce stores, utilizing platforms such as WooCommerce and
WordPress to create user-friendly and efficient online stores.
Developed user interfaces and integrated APIs as a Front-End Developer for various projects.
Worked with backend technologies as well such as Node.js, Express.js and Laravel.
Other Relevant Work Experience
Elbiz Official / Full Stack Dev 2021
Video White Pvt. Ltd / Front-End Dev 2021
Smart Analytics / Full Stack Dev 2020
Skills
Technologies & Frameworks /
FRONTEND / React.js, Next.js, React Native, HTML, SCSS, CSS, Bootstrap
BACKEND / PHP, Laravel, WordPress, Express.js, Nest.js, SQL, MongoDB
Key Skills / UI/UX design and implementation, integrating & creating APIs, cPanel management,
mobile apps development, converting Figma designs to apps, graphs and visualizations, Cross-
browser compatibility, accessibility, Web performance optimization, version control, Agile Scrum
methodology, project management, collaboration,and teamwork
Languages / English, Urdu, Hindi
{end}