Abdullah Mansoor Sufi
FullStack Developer
WHALES College
Habib University
Salim Habib University
O' & A' LEVELS
BS COMPUTER SCIENCE
BS COMPUTER SCIENCE
2014- 2017
2017 -2019
2020 - Ongoing
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (VueJS), HTML5
and CSS3.
Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers,
and operating systems.
Worked on a Software as a Service (SaaS) LMS application based on a multi-
tenant structure.
Managed code modularity in order to minimize modifications when delivering to
multiple tenants.
FRONTEND DEVELOPER
Aug 2021 - Aug 2022
TechSol360 l Karachi, Pakistan " Full-Time
REACTJS DEVELOPER
Oct 2019 - Jan 2021
Parhako " The Future of E-learning l Keil, Germany " Part-Time
abdullahmansoor277@gmail.com github.com/abdullahmansoor727
Education
About me
FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
Sep 2022 - Present
ByteCorp Technologies l Karachi, Pakistan " Full Time
I am a motivated front-end developer
with around two years of experience
creating custom websites using HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS, and
VueJS. I am a quick learner and always
eager to step out of my comfort zone to
learn new skills and technologies.
Experience
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS).
Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers,
and operating systems.
Worked on the company's AI driven solution, Autilent. Developed the frontend
interface for the dashboard.
Managed code modularity in order to minimize repetition and multiple
modifications.
jQuery
ReactJS
VueJS + Vuex
Skills
HTML/CSS
NodeJS
JavaScript
Redux-Toolkit
Flutter
Worked on a public forum application, Parhako.com. Developed the Frontend
React Application using the (then) latest version of React.
Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development
standards, reducing operating costs and improving functionality.
Refactored the application to replacing class components with functional
components and used React Hooks in place of the native life cycle methods.
Implemented API calls using React Apollo and GraphQL to streamline user
interface performance.
Collaborated with the Project Manager to provide enhanced solutions through
iterative design generations.
Worked in the Agile model for software development, attending daily Scrums and
collaborating with the backend team to ensure smooth and timely completing of
milestones.
linkedin.com/abdullahmansoor277
React-Native
{end}