Abdullah
Mansoor
Karachi, Pakistan
+92 334 3182713
abdullahmansoor277@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/abdullah-
mansoor-a4781a182
github.com/abdullahmansoor727
I am a motivated full-stack developer with around two years of experience creating custom websites and Single Page
Applications using React and Vue. I am a quick learner and always eager to step out of my comfort zone to learn new
skills and technologies. I love finding the most efficient solution to a problem.
Education
JAN 2020 – DEC 2022
BS Computer Science / Salim Habib University
AUG 2017 – AUG 2019
BS Computer Science / Habib University
AUG 2013 – JUN 2017
O' & A' Levels/ WHALES College
Projects
AUGUST 2021 – AUGUST 2022
Lean360LMS (Frontend Development) / TechSol360
TECHNOLOGIES: VUE (JAVASCRIPT)
Handled the complete frontend development of the company's product "Learn360LMS" built on VueJS, .NET
Core & MS SQL Server.
Learn360LMS is a Content Management system developed by TechSol360, inspired by Udemy. It is the most
popular LMS system used by most major institutes teaching ACCA in Pakistan.
I developed the front end from scratch of the 4th iteration of their LMS software using VueJS, implementing a
component-based approach to ensure modularity and avoid repetition of code.
AUGUST 2021 – AUGUST 2022
Esports Manager (Mobile App Development) / FYP
TECHNOLOGIES: FLUTTER, NODE JS, MYSQL
Developed a mobile application that for esports tournament management as the Final Year Project for my CS
Undergraduate degree.
Learned new technologies like Flutter and Node JS and implemented what I had learned to develop a working
mobile application with backend logic on Node JS.
Experience
SEPT 2022 – ONGOING (KARACHI, PAKISTAN " FULL TIME)
Software Developer / ByteCorp Technologies
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS).
Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers, and operating systems.
Worked on the company's AI-driven solution, Autilent. Developed the frontend interface for the dashboard.
Managed code modularity to minimize repetition and multiple modifications.
2
AUG 2021 – AUG 2022 (KARACHI, PAKISTAN " FULL TIME)
Frontend Developer / Techsol360
Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks (VueJS), HTML5, and CSS3.
Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers, and operating systems.
Worked on a Software as a Service (SaaS) LMS application based on a multi-tenant structure.
Managed code modularity to minimize modifications when delivering to multiple tenants.
OCT 2019 – JAN 2021 (KEIL, GERMANY" PART-TIME)
ReactJS Developer / Parhako " The Future of E-learning
Worked on a public forum application, Parhako.com. Developed the Frontend React Application using the (then) latest
version of React.
Revised, modularized, and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing operating costs and
improving functionality.
Refactored the application to replace class components with functional components and used React Hooks in place of the
native life cycle methods.
Implemented API calls using React Apollo and GraphQL to streamline user interface performance.
Collaborated with the Project Manager to provide enhanced solutions through iterative design generations.
Worked in the Agile model for software development, attending daily Scrums and collaborating with the backend team to
ensure smooth and timely completion of milestones.
Skills
Technical
VueJS + Vuex
ReactJS
Angular
jQuery
JavaScript
NodeJS
HTML/CSS
Flutter
Human Languages
Urdu – Native
English – Non-Native
Cocurricular Activities
AUG 2018
Volunteer at The Citizens Foundation
MAR 2016
Kangaroo Math Competition
Interests
Watching Theatre Plays
Computer Gaming
Swimming
{end}