AHMAD KHAN
General Accountant
ahmadbangashh@gmail.com
Al Nahda, Sharaj UAE
Pakistani
Single
00971-581859508
1992 Apr 04
XM4133452
Profile
Finance and Taxation professional promoting total above 4 years of experience in UAE, overseeing and
reconciling monthly financial reports. Highly collaborative individual with track record of effectively training
and coaching staff members. Offering confidence, team contribution and decision-making skills.
Education
Taxation Certificate (VAT, Corporate & Excise Tax from DHDA QR Dubai, UAE) 2022
Dubai,
United Arab Emirates
M.Com, Abdul Wali Khan University
Master in Commerce
2014 – 2015
Mardn, Pakistan
B.com, Abdul Wali Khan University Mardan
Bachelor in Commerce
2011 – 2012
Mardan, Pakistan
DIT, Commerce College Mardan
Diploma of Information Technology
2011
Mardan, Pakistan
Skills
Microsoft excel
Peachtree accounting software
Inspire Solution
Tally accounting Software
Quick book accounting software
Primavera P6 management software
Languages
English
Arabic
Urdu/Hindi
Pashto
ahmadbangashh@gmail.com 1 / 3
Professional Experience
General Accountant, Abbas Glass Industry LLC
Maintaining connection with suppliers and customers.
Maintaining customer database (Credit applications with all required documents,
contact info and guarantee cheques etc.)
Issuing invoices after verifying sales order with customer quotation and LPO
received from cash and credit customers.
Receiving cash and cheques (PDC's & CDC's) from customers and properly vouch
and post in accounting records.
Preparing and maintaining customer's receivable report on daily, weekly, and
monthly basis.
Preparing daily cash collection report (today, MTD & YTD) with future forecasting,
PDC's in hand, holding, bounced, discounted cheques details.
Maintaining and recording closing stock report on monthly basis with monthly
purchasing, consumption, finding and resolving the discrepancies.
Verifying LPO with GRN & Supplier DO with invoices before posting
Checking all purchase invoices with delivery, price, quantity after this release
payment.
Planning regarding all release cheque/payment to clear properly without holding
a cheque.
Preparing and maintaining supplier's receivable report on daily, weekly and
monthly basis.
Reconciling supplier's statements with company record and resolving the
discrepancies on time.
Issuing payments accordingly agreed terms and conditions.
Reconciling bank, collecting bounced cheques, deposit cheques, discounting
cheques and invocies.
Preparing of financial statement that is income statement and balance sheet.
At the end of the month preparing customers statements and send to customers.
Checking all transactions and compare diary with Tally software.
2019 Sep – present
Dubai,
United Arab Emirates
ahmadbangashh@gmail.com 2 / 3
Accountant, Al Majarra General Contractin & Maintenance LLC (MGC)
Responsible for finalization of monthly/Quarterly/ Annually Profit & Loss
Account, Balance sheet and Cash Flow statement (Financial Statements).
Ensure al the expenses and income enter in proper G/L and cost center.
Maintain general ledger accounts for all project under construction.
Reviewing all monthly job cost construction.
Print invoices for customers according to the project.
Maintaining rental vehicles and sending monthly invoices to customers.
Processing the payments to suppliers.
Bank reconciliation on monthly basis.
Reconciling customer and supplier accounts on monthly basis.
Oversee the payment to contractor and suppliers when construction draws are
funded.
Preparing accounts receivable and accounts payables statement.
Handle Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Cash management & GL Modules
as required.
Reports for AR, AP & Fixed Assets section i.e. ageing, fixed asset register.
Reconciliation with GL etc.
Maintain the company VAT Report and submit to govt.
Processing payroll cash and WPS.
Preparing monthly cost center reporting for management.
Responsible for development of internal control systems organization wide.
Secures financial information by completing data base backups.
Make report to higher management.
2018 Apr – 2019 Aug
Al Ain,
United Arab Emirates
Internship, Directorate of Industries KPK , Pakistan
I had been working in the office of "Assistant Director "as accountant a clerk as
well as a personal assistant from June 1, 2016 to May 31,2017.
I Know best (Accounts, expenditure statement, Travelling allowance bills,
reconciled expenditure statement, excess & surrender (revised statements)
budget etc.
Visiting to Fuel pump to measure the quality and quantity of fuel according to the
government standard and if fuel found not according to standard then we give
them penalty to follow the govt. prosecution.
Visiting to hotels, super stores, shops and check prices and expiry dates of items.
Visiting to NGO's for verification and auditing.
Visiting to new NGO, and modern Mudrasa for verification.
2016 Jun – 2017 May
ahmadbangashh@gmail.com 3 / 3
{end}