Atif Uddin
Senior Software Engineer
A curious learner and creative team player having
quality development experience with passion for data
and solving problems using data and development
technologies.
devatifuddin@gmail.com
+923422608582
linkedin.com/in/atif-uddin-20469a167
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Software Engineer
Dawaai.pk
04/2022 - Present, Karachi, Pakistan
Developed and maintained di erent modules of di erent web
applications using REACT(Next.js) as main FE framework.
I assist Product Owners to collect the requirements and align
myself and technical team with requirements of business.
Worked hybrid in a Data Engineer role in which created a data
warehouse and performed ETL and migration of existing
Dawaai main DB RDS to AWS Redshift and automating the
pipeline.
Developed RESTful web services with NodeJS(Nest.js)
Followed Agile and SCRUM methodology in software
development and leading the website team.
Senior Software Engineer(FullStack)
Techlogix
06/2021 - 04/2022, Karachi, Pakistan
Implementation of OBDX 20.1 for one of the leading concerns
in Banking industry.
Developed Digital Banking Application for Android.
Implemented, customized and developed Internet Banking
platform using OBDX for Web and Mobile using KnockoutJS and
Cordova.
Software Engineer
EFU General Insurance
08/2018 - 05/2021,
Designed and developed in house applications for di erent
departments(marine, property, motor). The projects revolved
around shipping(marine) web application to process orders and
application for generating web based insurance policy(motor)
Developed and maintained web based applications written in
Java and developed RESTful web services .
Worked with Oracle Applications and database and developed
SQL based procedures for interacting between applications.
Followed Agile and SCRUM methodology in software
development
EDUCATION
Masters in Data Science
NED University of Engineering & Technology
2019 - 2021, Karachi, 3.1 GPA
Bachelors in Computer Science
FAST-NUCES
2014 - 2018, Karachi
SKILLS
Data Science : ML ,Python, R, Deep Learning, NLP, Apache Spark,
Data-bricks, Hadoop, Apache Air ow, SCIKIT-LEARN, PyTorch,
Tensor ow
Programming Languages: Javascript, NodeJS, Python, JAVA,SQL
Framework: Angular, Next.js(REACT), Express, (Node)Nest.js,
Spring Boot(JAVA)
Cloud Framework & BI: AWS , Big Query, Metabase and Power BI
Web Development: HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery
Database: MySQL, SQL-Server, Oracle, MongoDB, Firebase, Redis
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Text Editor System
Clinic Management System (PHP, MySQL, HTML/CSS/JS)
Ride Hailing Business System
E-Commerce Website (C# .net, MVC, SQL Server)
Bank Management System (Visual Basic with DB –part of
Computer Elective in GCE)
DATA SCIENCE PERSONAL PROJECTS
Social Media Fake News Detection by Textual Analysis
(A research based project with objective of detecting fake news among social
media platforms on the basis of linguistic cues from text based news and applying
machine learning models for classi cation)
Prediction of Duplicate Questions on Q/A Sites
Using di erent machine learning models on questions collected from Quora/Stack
Over ow sites with similarity metrics as features for models to predict similar and
non-similar questions.
Default Credit Card Prediction
Using machine learning techniques for giving predictive accuracy of the estimated
probability of customers who will be defaulter on the basis of features like
default payments, demographic factors, credit data, history of payment, and bill
statements of credit card clients
LANGUAGES
English
Full Professional Pro ciency
Urdu
Full Professional Pro ciency
INTERESTS
Table Tennis Gaming Reading Travel
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
{end}