Bilal Ul Haque
Web Developer
Karachi, Sindh
+92 (345) 2156788
bilalulhaque16@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/bilal-ul-haque/
github.com/bilalulhaque
An energetic, competent, and enthusiastic learner with a thorough understanding of frontend frameworks,
backend technology and, design tools. 2+ years of professional expertise in the areas of solution design and
development. Python, open-source technologies, JS, SQL, NOSQL, and Docker are among my moderate skills.
I'm looking to strengthen my skills under the supervision of senior developers.
Nov 2020 - Current
July 2020 - Oct 2020
Web Developer
Freelancer
15+ prospective projects were successfully completed and delivered on time with a 5-star rating.
Internee
NASH
Worked on Rest API using AJAX fetching techniques and implemented different wire-frames designs on
web apps using HTML/CSS/JS
Languages/Frameworks: Python, PHP, Django, Flask, Node JS
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux
Web Client-Side Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS
Databases: MYSQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL
Docker(beginner)
Version Control tools: GIT
2018 - 2022
2016 - 2018
2014 - 2016
BS (Computer Science)
NED University of Engineering and Technology
Intermediate (Pre Engineering)
Jinnah Government College
Matriculation
Ladybird Grammar School
Linux Essentials Certificate
Data Science in Python by University of MICHIGAN
HTML, CSS and Javascript for Web Developers by John Hopkins University
CS50's Web Programming with Python and JavaScript
Urdu Speech To Text
Supervised by Furqan Hussain Essani
Users can transform any Urdu lecture into an English-subtitled lecture using this software. With the use of
phonemes, an Automated Speech Recognition (ASR) system turns audio into a series of related words. It
models the link between audio signal and phonetic units using an acoustic model based on Deep Neural
Networks (DNN). The implementation is accompanied by research.
Summary
Work experience
Technical Skills
Education
Certification
Final Year Project
Feb 2022
Nov 2021
Aug 2021
April 2021
Feb 2021
Dec 2020
Nov 2020
Oct 2020
TestGorilla
Created scenario-based interview questions for Flask.
Movies Info Site
A small web app where the admin posts description and trailer about the movies released every
year. User can view all of these without any registration.
My Group Solutions – Membership Monitoring
A web application for an organization in which the administrator can develop activities for their
members, update their records on a regular basis, and keep track of many users.
FotoDino – Baby Shooting Website
An application where users can book photograph sessions for their child. Implemented front-end
and worked on Restful API using Axios.
Student Portal System
A web application which facilitates teachers and students. Teachers can update students
attendance and marks. The students can view their attendance, marks and can manage their profile.
Shopify Sneaker Bot
A bot to automatically buy products from the specified website at small intervals. Technologies
used are Python Selenium.
Nixu Awareness Portal – LMS
A web application that raises user awareness. Admins can view the performance of their users
using charts and graphs.
Lets Chit Chat
An application implemented on website where users can login through different authentication
methods and can communicate.
Member of Champions of Change 'Bazm-e-Aman', 2021
Member of 19th ITCN Asia Exhibition, 2019
Participated in HVACR and Building Services Expo Conference, 2019
Participated in Google Hash Code, 2022
Projects
Extra Curricular activities
{end}