Saad Berry
0343-2182169 " saadberry29@gmail.com " linkedin.com/in/saadberry " github.com/saadberry " medium.com/@saadberry
Education
National University of Computers and Emerging Sciences August 2019 – Present
Bachelor of Science in Computer Sciences
Experience
Teaching Assistant " FAST-NUCES February 2022 – Present
Tasked with grading quizzes, assignments and projects of students enrolled in the course CS-1004
( Object Oriented Programming ).
Freelance Graphic Designer/Video Editor " Fiverr June 2021 – Present
Design artwork/edit videos according to clients' requirements.
Senior Volunteer " SIUT Dec 2018 – Dec 2019
Involved in assisting around the hospital & also guiding junior volunteers.
Skills
Programming: JavaScript " Node.js " React.js " Ether.js " Solidity " Python " C++ " C " HTML/ CSS " SQL " Linux Shell Scripting
Databases: MongoDb " MySQL
Productivity: Git " Photoshop " Figma " Canva
Projects
Doctor's Appointment Portal
A dApp that books appointments for patients.
Created using Solidity & Ether.Js
Users can request an appointment time or get a
random time.
Netflix 2.0
An application emulating the popular video streaming platform
Netflix's library.
Created in HTML, CSS, React.JS, Node,JS & SQL.
Users can browse through an assortment of titles all of
which are stored on a database.
FASTwitter
Twitter - but for FASTians
Created using HTML,CSS,Node.JS,Express.JS &
MongoDB.
Users can add friends, tweet, like tweets & reply to
tweet
What's the weather?
Web app that uses the OpenWeatherMap API to fetch the
current temperature of an area.
Built using Node.js and Express.
Users can look up any location to get its current
weather.
Expense Tracker
Web app that manages the expenses of a user.
Built using React.js and Redux.
Users can input their expenses and also delete
expenses.
Timestamp Microservice
Web app that outputs the date in unix + utc format.
Built using Node.js and Express.
Users can lookup a date in the form of a unix format
& receive its equivalent conversion in utc format.
Donald J. Trump - A Twitter Analysis
An analysis of the activity of Donald Trump's Twitter account
leading up to the 2016 US Election.
Built in Python.
Libraries used: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib
Roman Urdu Lexical Variation
An attempt at classifying Roman Urdu.
Built using Python.
An unsupervised method is presented to find lexical
variations in Roman Urdu informal text.
Boolean Retrieval Model
A model to store data and retrieve search results
Built in Python.
Boolean operators supported: AND, OR.
Music Player
A music player application
Built in Python.
Implemented via B+ tree data structures.
Banking Application
A desktop banking application
Created in C++.
Users can track their account balance, and
deposit/withdraw amounts.
{end}