Syed Muhammad Hasan Haider Email : hasanhere11@gmail.com
https://github.com/HasanHaider1 Mobile : +92-334-012-4776
Education
Habib University Karachi,Pakistan
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science Aug. 2017 – June. 2021
WHALES College Karachi, Pakisan
Pre-Engineering; Aug. 2015 – May. 2017
Experience
Ambsan Technologies Karachi, Pakistan
Software Engineer July 2022 - Present
Xenon HR Module Dashboards: .Net Core development on powerbuilder to create interactive dashboard for
Human Resources module for an ERP system.
Zepcom Karachi, Pakistan
Associate Software Engineer Sep 2021 - July 2022
D-Bargain: D-Bargain is an online bargaining tool created to facilitate the e-commerce platforms in order to
create a real life shopping experience by allowing them to bargain the product prices.
FTZ Plugin: This plugin was meant to allow real time data migration between Magento and Shopware 6 stores.
Crystal Comp: Crystal Comp is a website dedicated to parents of babies. From baby items to parenting training
courses, Crystal Comp creates a single platform for all parental needs. My role here was to create the backend for a
plugin that allows the creation and function of online courses resembling the popular E-Learning Platforms such as
Coursera, Udemy etc
Aboshop Plugin: Aboshop plugin was meant to create an enhanced user experience for the e-commerce stores.
This required amendments in multiple core functionalities of Shopware 6.
Zepcom Karachi, Pakistan
Software Engineer Trainee June 2021 - Sep 2021
Front-End Development: Worked on creating custom themes and making changes on the default theme of
Shopware 6.
Back-End Development: Created plugin to perform various backend functionalities.
Zepcom Karachi, Pakistan
Software Engineer Intern March 2021 - May 2021
Full Stack Development: Worked with a client on making modifications on their plugin
Projects
Hisaab Kitaab: A desktop application intended to fulfill all the accounting needs of a firm while ensuring that the data
was analyzed and used for multiple purposes such as to create accounting ratios
Optimizing N-Body Problem: Designed a parallel approach to Barnes-Hut algorithm using the Nvidia platform
support
Garbage Image Classifier: Developed an AI based application to classify garbage as recyclable and non-recyclable.
Car Advertisement Scrapper: A web-scrapper designed to show information of vehicles from different websites on a
single page.
Dyslexic Combat System: An online portal to support people suffering from dyslexia. This platform allows people to
get training through online courses and for the caretakers to get some training as well.
College Scorecard Analysis: Analyzed a data set from Kaggle to figure out which college is suitable for the students
as per their requirements.
SDL Game: Made a pac-man game using OOP concepts.
Election Processing System: Designed a desktop application for elections at Habib University.
Programming Skills
Languages: PHP, Python, C, C++, SQL, Javascript, MySQL, MS SQL
Templating Engine: Twig
Technologies: Powerbuilder, ASP.Net MVC, Shopware 6, Woocommerce, Wordpress
Certifications
Business Analysis and Process Management: Coursera
Automize Business Communication using Power Automize: Coursera
Working with BigQuery: Coursera
Jira SCRUM project: Coursera
Create a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using AWS: Coursera
Fundamentals of Accelerated Computing with CUDA Python: NVIDIA
Fundamentals of Accelerated Computing with CUDA C/C++: NVIDIA
Graphics Designing: The Earning Academy Pakistan
Website Designing: The Earning Academy Pakistan
Workshop in Cyber Security Essentials and Secure Code Review: Cretivok
{end}