Haseeb Tariq
Software Engineering Intern
Motivated and driven computer science graduate with a strong
foundation in web development and a passion for emerging
technologies like full stack development and blockchain. Seeking an
internship in software engineering to apply my technical skills and
problem-solving abilities while continuing to grow and learn as a
professional in these exciting elds.
ihaseebtariq1@gmail.com
03101530741
Islamabad, Pakistan
linkedin.com/in/haseebcheema
github.com/haseebcheema
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer Sciences
Air University
09/2018 - 06/2022, Islamabad
Completed coursework in programming languages, data
structures & algorithms, databases, full stack web
development, arti cial intelligence, data science,
computer networks and more.
Intermediate
Punjab Group of Colleges - PGC
2015 - 2017, Daska, Punjab
Matriculation
The Education City School
2008 - 2015, Daska, Punjab
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Aspect Based Sentiment Classi cation (2022)
For a data science-based nal year project, various techniques
and models were utilized in Python to analyze sentiment in
sentence reviews by identifying key aspects within the reviews.
Preprocessing steps were also implemented as part of the
project. The ultimate goal was to use these aspects to predict
the sentiment of the sentence reviews.
QuickNews - React Based Web Application (2022)
A single-page web application was created using React that
provides users with the latest news in various categories, such
as sports, politics, and entertainment. The news data is
accessed through the use of an API from newsapi.org.
Inventory Management System - DBMS (2020)
A database management system project was developed to
handle the inventory system for a store. The project was
implemented using C# and SQL as the programming languages.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Front End Developer Intern
Interns Pakistan
06/2022 - 06/2022,
As a Front End Development intern with Interns Pakistan,
I gained valuable hands-on experience in basics of web
development. Through this internship program, I was
able to learn and practice new skills such as HTML, CSS,
JavaScript and Bootstrap.
SKILLS
HTML/HTML5 CSS/CSS3
JavaScript C++
Java Python
ReactJS Node.js
JQuery SQL
Knowledge of responsive
design principles
Familiarity with version
control systems such as Git
Strong problem-solving and
debugging skills
Good communication and
collaboration skills
Experience with Bootstrap,
and other front end
frameworks
CERTIFICATES
Introduction to Front-End Development - META
Programming with JavaScript - META
LANGUAGES
English
Professional Working Pro ciency
Urdu
Elementary Pro ciency
INTERESTS
Full Stack Development Blockchain Development
Augmented Reality Data Engineering
Courses
Achievements/Tasks
{end}