Maaz Bin Bilal
Assistant Manager - Business Development and
Project Management at Pakistan Mercantile
Exchange
A Business graduate with extensive professional experience in Consumer Marketing, Client
Services, Portfolio Management and Business Development. I look forward to acquire a
challenging position and take responsibility in a reputable organization with opportunities for
future growth and personal development and to serve the organization with my existing skill
sets which I have learned and developed throughout my professional career while ensuring
loyalty.
Contact Info
+923323601974
maazbilal2@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maaz-bin-
bilal-ab46306
House no. A-251, Lane# 11, Block-N, North
Nazimabad
Karachi, Pakistan
Strengths & Skills
B2B Communication Skills Computer experience.
Customer Service Digital Marketing Financial Services
Marketing Microsoft Office Project Management
Social Media Marketing Team-Building Skills Training
Academics
Title Institute Date
MBA (Supply Chain Management) PAF Karachi Institute of Economics &
Technology (PAF-KIET), Karachi
2020
BBA-4 (Marketing) PAF Karachi Institute of Economics &
Technology (PAF-KIET), Karachi
2016
Pre-Engineering Govt. College for Men, Karachi 2011
Computer Science Sunbeams Grammar School, Karachi 2009
Certifications
Title Authority Date
Entrepreneurship INJAZ Aug 2015 - Sep 2015
Experience
Company Designation Duration
Pakistan Mercantile Exchange Assistant Manager - Business Development
and Project Management
Apr 2022 - Present
Senior Officer - Operations & CSS Mar 2018 - Apr 2022
Customer Management Officer Mar 2017 - Feb 2018
Marketing Intern Jul 2016 - Aug 2016
Marketing Intern May 2016 - Jun 2016
Marketing Executive / Marketing Officer Jan 2016 - Apr 2016
Work History
- Induction of Market Makers.
- On boarding of prospect Buyers/Sellers on the Global Commodity Trading Platform (GCTP), a wholly owned subsidiary of PMEX.
- Meeting the sales target of PMEX and GCTP for on boarding of active Brokers, Market Makers and Commodity traders.
- Leading and guiding the Product Development team.
- Looking after legal matters or Members and Brokers.
- Keeping track of the live data of the exchange pertaining to Market Makers' funds and their TRDs (trading accounts).
- Development of new Future Contracts and Derivatives to grow Business Portfolio enabling company to generate more revenue.
4.1 years
11 months
1 month
1 month
3 months
Central Depository Company (CDC)
The Resource Group (trg.)
Interflow Communications Pvt. Ltd.
Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation
Kokan Network Limited, UK
Apr 2022 - Present
Karachi, Pakistan
Pakistan Mercantile Exchange (PMEX)
Assistant Manager - Business Development and Project Management
- Induction of Brokers.
- Corporate Communication.
- Liaison with Makrket Makers, Brokers and Commodity traders of GCTP.
- Mantaining healthy business relationship with prospect clients and elements.
- Presentation of Business Ideas and Proposal
- To develop Marketing Strategies for all marketing mediums
- To manage business related projects and present the same to Management
Mar 2018 - Apr 2022 (4.1 years)
Karachi, Pakistan
. Maintaining and executing Transfer of Holdings (TOH).
. Maintaining business relationship with corporate clients.
. To develop and execute legal documents and communicate through different mediums.
. Maintaining R/TAs.
. To provide complete virtual, verbal and email support to Roshan Digital Account holders of Capital Market.
. To keep track of Roshan Digital Account holders' tranasactions and provide resolutions to their problems/queries.
. To enhance and upgrade user experience of Roshan Digital Account holders.
. Working closely with Product Development team enabling them to understand the needs of clients through which they can keep on upgrading our
products to escalate the user experience of local investors as well as Roshan Digital Account holders (Non Resident Pakistanis).
The Resource Group (trg.) Mar 2017 - Feb 2018 (11 months)
Customer Management Officer Karachi, Pakistan
. Maintaining the quality standard of the Online Exchange while working on site audit and moderation.
. Softwares in use were Hermes, ZenDesk, Atlas.
. Providing relevant solutions to the problems of customers.
Interflow Communications Pvt. Ltd. Jul 2016 - Aug 2016 (1 month)
Marketing Intern Karachi, Pakistan
Client Servicing
Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation May 2016 - Jun 2016 (1 month)
Marketing Intern Karachi, Pakistan
Have been a part of the Marketing team of Radio Pakistan as an intern for two months.
. I have made the marketing strategy for Mospel, to promote their product in interior Sindh.
Kokan Network Limited, UK Jan 2016 - Apr 2016 (3 months)
Marketing Executive / Marketing Officer Karachi, Pakistan
My JD at Kokan Network Limited was:
. Designing all the Marketing Strategies and implementing them in an effective manner.
. Handling all the communication with the clients related to their promotional strategies.
. Digital Marketing
Projects
Paid Social-media Campaign Feb 2016 - Mar 2016 (1 month)
Company: Gourimat Manpower Agency
Tools: Google Analytics, Keyword Search, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram
A paid social-media campaign was designed and implemented, the target of which was to bring in more business and customers for one of my
client at Gourimat Manpower Agency.
Awards
Title Authority Date
Director's Honor List (Scholarship Award) PAF-KIET 2014
Central Depository Company of Pakistan Limited (CDCPL)
Senior Officer - Operations & CSS
. Induction of new Elements into CDS (Central Depository System).
. Element Account Maintainance (EAM).
Industries
BPO
Advertising/PR
Business Development
Distribution and Logistics
Event Management
Media/Communications
Investments
Services
Functional Areas
*
Marketing
Sales & Business Development
Administration
Client Services & Customer Support
Operations
Planning & Development
Hobbies
Travelling Fishing
Watching Movies Watching Documentaries
Reading research articles Swimming
Internet Surfing
Languages
Urdu - Native
English - C1
{end}