Page 1 of 3
Muhammad Bilal Alam
Software Engineer E: mbilal98q@gmail.com M: +92330 2526857, Karachi
Frontend Developer Web(ReactJS) and Mobile Application
Developer(React Native Expo CLI)
Junior Engineer – Frontend Developer at Intelligenes (from January 25, 2022 till present) &
Working as a Frontend Engineer-React JS.
Joined as an intern Front End Developer at Intelligenes (from October 25 2021 till January
25 2022)
Ongoing Course "Cloud Native Computing" online course from PIAIC.
Ongoing Course "MERN Stack Development" online course from PIAIC.
Completed course of "Web and Mobile App development" onsite course from Expertizos.
Experienced with Material UI, Bootstrap and Tailwind CSS frameworks.
Objective
I am open for new challenges and finding a workplace where I can work under the
leadership of senior engineers on enterprise level applications. I seek to build my career
in a professional, flexible, learning and friendly environment.
Education
Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology Karachi, PK (Batch
2022) Bachelors of Science (Software Engineering) CGPA ~ 3.1
Government Degree College Gulshan-e-Iqbal Block 7, Karachi Intermediate
with Pre-Engineering ,Year 2018
The Educators,Karachi, PK
Page 2 of 3
Skills
Professional Experience
Junior Engineer – Frontend Development at Intelligenes, Tariq Road, Karachi
(November 2020 till present)
I was hired as an intern, after successfully completion of internship, I was offered the position of
Junior Engineer – Frontend Development. Wherein, I have developed 3 web applications using
React JS . Currently, I have been working on a product and a mobile application. My
participation includes developing the UI/UX according to design screens, API
integrations, developing React design patterns, building custom hooks and
implementing Redux and Zustand for state management.
Professional Projects Synerge (a web based product)
Synerge is a freelance platform which connects startups with high quality freelance talent. My
job is to develop its front end including creating the frontend architecture of the web
application, complete UI for different interfaces, API integration and state management.
KnowAmmo (Admin Portal – currently working on it)
KnowAmmo is a purpose-built crowdsourced network that embrace individual members who wish to
know about geographically proximate opportunities to purchase rifle and pistol ammunition. My job will be
to completely develop the Web application for Admin portal.
Page 3 of 3
Activate Advance: (web application with 3 different interfaces)
Activate Advance is the best project I have delivered in my career. It is a Management Consulting
Solution for organizations by providing them the access to proven tools at a fixed cost. Activate
Advance's interactive dashboard delivers custom scenarios, solutions, industry trends and action
maps, empowering the clients with precise strategic guidance for complex business issues in real
time. I developed its UI screens, API integration, dynamic forms (the backend was
returning me a JSON containing the form input types and its answers, I did mapped
them on frontend and sent the JSON to backend), dynamic routing, implemented design
patterns using React and used Zustand for state management with the guidance and
under mentorship of my senior.
Check (1 mobile application and an admin portal)
Check is a safety & verification app, where users will be able to assign a person who will keep tabs
on them while they travel, be it for short or long distances. The app allows the users to
communicate for different occasions in different ways though notifications, safe phrases, SOS and
PIN codes. I worked on Its admin portal Web Application
Non Academic Cources
Completed onsite Front End Web Development with React and Mobile
Application on React Native (Expo Cli) onsite course from Expertizos
University.
Completed onsite Express and NodeJS course with MongoDB.
Currently enrolled in Cloud Native Computing of PIAIC (4th Quarter) .
Currently enrolled in Artificial Intelligence of PIAIC (1st Quarter) .
Personal Skills:
MANAGEMENT SKILLS, TEAMWORK, MOTIVATION, SELF DISCIPLINE, INTERPERSONAL
SKILLS
Github Profile Link:
https://github.com/bilalalam98
LinkedIn Profile Link:
www.linkedin.com/in/bilal-alam-8b87391a3
{end}