Drafted outlines of books
Wrote ebooks on various genres like business, fiction, biographies and
motivational as a ghost writer.
Proofread and edited books to enhance readability and flow.
Followed up responsibly to my team leader and coordinated with team.
Wrote, edited and proofread an average of 3000 words per day.
Wrote lifestyle blogs as a ghostwriter
wrote SEO articles for MyDegree with Yoast scoring
Wrote under a pseudoname for PeaceQuarters
Created social media posts and calendar
Wrote web copy and web content
Wrote technical articles about cloud computing, SEO marketing, blockchain,
crptocurrency etc.
Wrote medical related articles on CBD and brain injuries
Wrote onsite blogs for a storage company
Wrote informal YouTube scripts
Content Writer
ABTACH Ltd. a growing IT Company that has been established since 2015
providing robust digital solutions to businesses.
March 2022 - December 2022
( 10 months)
Freelance Content Creator
Naseem Akhtar
Content Writer " Medical Student
LinkedIn Profile: linkedin.com/in/naseem-akhtar-a3705022b/
akhtarnaseem16@gmail.com " 0336 2394598
Work Experience
Professional Summary
I have always been an avid reader and proficient and versatile writer in various genres. I
aim to pursue medical sciences as my main career. My hold over language gives me an
edge in a research field like mine allowing me to study literature and research papers. I
want to broaden my horizons and combine my medical background with the
technological fields like data analytics, telemedicine, and research technology. I believe
experience and practical demonstrations create a better understanding of theory and
knowledge.
100% scholarship
Present CGPA: 3.74
High Achiever award
3 A's, 1B
100% scholarship
High Achiever award
2A*s, 7A's
100% scholarship
Bachelor of Biosciences
Institution: Salim Habib University
Year of Graduation: 2024
A-Levels (Pre-medical and Pre-Engineering)
Institution: WHALES College
Year of Graduation: 2019
O-Levels (Pre-medical and Pre-Engineering)
Institution: Wahaj Hussain School System (WHSS)
Year of Graduation: 2017
Education History
Volunteer Work, Awards, Affiliations, and Interests
Volunteer Teacher
TCF (The Citizen Foundation)
Interacted with children from underprivileged areas to plan and execute a fun-
learning summer camp in school vacations
Volunteer
Indus Hospital (IHope Program)
Learned basic medical procedures like CPR, choking, bleeding out, fire control
while also interacting and talking with patients there to convey their issues and
develop compassion
Volunteer
KDSP (Karachi Down's Syndrome Program)
Learned basic medical procedures like CPR, choking, bleeding out, fire control
while also interacting and talking with patients there to convey their issues and
develop compassion
Volunteer
NICH (National Institute for Child Health
Interacted with children from underprivileged areas and learned about pediatric
care.
Delegate
WHALEMUN' III
2018
participated in UN Women and delegated for Iran. A confidence boosting event
and learned about recent status of women rights over the world.
Volunteer Speaker
College Declamation
learned to speak confidently in front of judges and audience refining fluency and
vocabulary.
Volunteer
Kangaroo Math IKMC
Won second position in college and 37th position in region, a fun critical thinking
activity.
Volunteer
Dar ul Sukun
Assisted and connected with disabled people and realized the need to feel
compassion and kindness.
Workshop
Drug Development and Design
Learned to extract lead component (caffeine) from tea leaves and purified it at
Karachi University under Dr. Munawer Rasheed.
Workshop
Drug Development and Designs
Learned in-silico drug designing and docking using various software at Karachi
University under Dr. Zaheer Qasmi.
Tour
Barret Hodgson Pharmaceuticals
Observed the intricate pharmaceutical production and manufacturing process.
Tour
Liaquat National Hospital
Had the opportunity to observe the molecular diagnostics and screening
procedures in a real-time hospital.
Tour
Karachi University
Visited the labs and saw high-level equipment used in research and their
application.
University-affliated
{end}