Raabel Kothari
Software Engineer
Energetic and curiosity-driven Software Engineer remarkably focused, creative and punctilious all
together with great interpersonal and problem-solving skills, looking for a challenging role in a
reputable organization to utilize my development and interpersonal skills for the growth of the
organization as well as to enhance my knowledge about new and emerging trends in the IT sector.
kothariraabel@gmail.com 03361889844 Karachi, Pakistan github.com/Raabel
EDUCATION
BS Computer Science
Sindh Madressatul Islam University, Karachi
09/2018 - Present,
Intermediate
Sadique Faqeer Govt: boys degree college, Mithi,
Tharparkar
09/2016 - 05/2018,
PROJECTS (ACADEMIC & PERSONAL)
Pakistan News Aggregator (FYP)
Scrape all the news from the major news sources of pakistan.
Aggregate, sort and categorize news on a single platform.
Provide personalized news based on the tags selected by the user.
Sign-up require for user to access personalization, comment, and save post
features.
ASP.NET CORE MVC based project, CRUD ops. implemented using Entity
framework.
eBlog Website (4th Sem - Web Eng. Project)
It is a PHP based basic CMS application to manage blog articles. There is also a
dedicated section for admin to manage the posts using a built in theme
integrated with the CMS.
Users can read the posts, search for the posts. User can also sign up to comment
to the post and receive newsletter.
Process Management with GUI (4th Sem - OS Project)
GUI based windows process management desktop application created using C#.
To show running processes, you can kill any process through app UI, also provide
computer specs info. Built on winform technlogy.
Writer's Gallery (3rd -Sem - DBMS Project)
Desktop application for keeping the record of books, search for the books,
supports CRUD ops. of books database. Admin role maintained for manipulation
of books. It is WinForm app built with SQL Server.
Event Management System (2nd Sem - OOP Project)
It is the standalone application to manage the events locally.
Built on winform technlogy. Managing the role of user and admin, and authorize
them accordingly.
Jokes Web App (Personal Project)
ASP.NET CORE MVC based web app to save the best of your humor.
CRUD application using Entity framework to maintain jokes database, also search
for the jokes, authorize user who can create and edit jokes.
Web Scrapper (Personal Project)
Scrape news from https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/category/world and
display a table view of the scraped news hosted on Azure platform as
http://pakwebscrapper.azurewebsites.net.
SKILLS
C#.NET ASP.NET CORE ASP.NET MVC
SQL HTML, CSS Bootstarp C
C++ JavaScript WordPress
Entity Framework Rest API Git
SOFT SKILLS
Result Oriented
Deadline Driven
Sincere & Responsible
Team Work
CERTIFICATES
E-Commerce Management
Digiskills.pk
SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
Digiskills.pk
Introduction to SQL
Datacamp.com
WordPress
Digiskills.pk
AI For Everyone
Coursera.org
Freelancing
Digiskills.pk
INTERESTS
Reading articles Yoga Blogging
AI Traveling
{end}