Muhammad Momin Khurram
Phone: 03032309309
E-mail: momin.khurram6@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-momin-khurram-2a21a1193/
Academic Qualification
2019 – 2023 B.Sc. Accounting and Finance (3.52) Institute of Business Administration
2017 – 2019 A Level (3A's, 1A) The Lyceum School
2015 – 2016 O Level (7A*'s, 3A's) Generation's School
Achievements
Position on Dean's List IBA
Major Reports/ Research Work
Financial Analysis – HinoPak Motors
An in-depth risk and return analysis which equipped its audience to make an informed
investment decision through the company's performance trends.
Financial Model – Nestle
Equity model firm valuation using discounted cash flow, regression and averaging methods
Work/ Internship Experience
Daraz, Business Development Intern Apr'22 – July'22
Manage relationship with 10 foreign Correspondents and conduct review of existing
relationships with clients and how can their experience be enhanced.
While performing the role of a Key Account Manager for 2 major companies including Day
Fresh and Nasgas. I was able to pitch and onboard 4 more clients worth Rs. 1 Million.
DHA Karachi, Marketing Intern Jan'22 – March'22
Analyzed Key Issues being faced by the Marketing department
Developed a marketing strategy for the firm which ranged from a month to month plan and
included both traditional and Social Media Marketing.
Our Insights were added to the AGM report being presented to Core Commander Karachi.
Al Meezan Investment Management, Finance Intern July'21- August'21
Proposed a strategically developed ESG assessment framework on the basis of India's Acuité ESG.
Identified the workings of International Fintechs and how Al-Meezan can launch its
own Shariah Compliant Fintech
Toyota Indus Motors, Corporate Strategy and Regulatory Intern June'21
Worked with the development team to analyze how costs to produce a Hybrid Vehicle can
be minimized to make it a major revenue generation component
Made a comparison report between 6 major Industries in Pakistan to negate the statement
"Pakistani Auto manufacturers are earning Exuberant profits"
Procurement Team Lead, BSY Consultants July'21 – March'21
Derived a procurement strategy for the client.
Analyzed a list of items and number of employees required to set up a high end restaurant
and then made a cost efficient procurement strategy which when depreciated on a straight
line basis will start become profitable at the end of 3 years.
Interests and Extracurricular Activities
Steps Builders and Developers, Founder and Owner
With a keen interest for Construction and Real Estate, I started my own firm and in a span of 1
year, the firm has 3 projects on its portfolio with a worth totaling to around Rs. 200 Million.
Marketing Manager, Mrs. Noor's Montessori & Primary School
Developed and managed a social media page on Facebook and Instagram from scratch and made
a month on month event strategy which will be portrayed online. Within a span of 3 months, the
page has reached 1k followers.
{end}