Contact
Education
+92-311-8415087
Phone
yasiryaseen590@gmail.com
Email
1-j 57/2 Naziamabad no 1, karachi
Address
Yasir Yaseen
M E R N D e v e l o p e r
I am a self-employed professional developer. I have experience in the development life cycle of
dynamic Applications, and sound knowledge of numerous programming languages including
JavaScript (ES6), java, c-sharp, PHP, and python
Experience
The primary role is to manage CRMs and automate the systems. I am also dipping and
diving into multiple domains like GTM, google analytics, and writing custom JavaScript to
track funnels. I have built many in-house projects for the company on diverse domains
and programming languages.
Full Stack Developer
Freelancing
Feb 2022 - Present
Sep 2019-present
Madsgency, Karachi
Fiverr, Upwork and local clients
Usman Institute Of Technology
Bachelor of Computer Science
Sep 2016 - Oct 2020
React JS
English
Urdu
Expertise
Language
Node JS
MongoDB
Express JS
PostGraphQL
TI worked with diverse clients in the software industry while freelancing. The major
projects which I have done for a client are CRMs, CMS, ERP systems, and payment
gateway integrations. The languages which I used are javascript and PHP with
frameworks like React JS and Laravel.
Projects
The Application is based on React JS front-end and the backend is on CodeIgniter APIs.
The admin can create new clients and users and set a commission for individual media
buyers. Each media buyer has their own credentials to see their commission on the basis
of clients.
Mar 2022 - May 2022
Commission Application
The application is used to remove the object from an image, clone the object and paste it
on any other location on an image. The application is created on the android studio by
using JAVA language and OpenCV java library.
Dec 2021 - Jan 2022
Remove Object from Image
The client needs a customized application for his store that manages almost 5000
customers. I created a desktop application on Microsoft Visual Studio by using the C-
sharp programming language with a SQL database.
Nov 2020 - Apr 2021
Merchant Customized software
I worked with a software company and integrate a perfect money and PayPal payment
system in their E-commerce project based on PHP CodeIgniter.
Feb 2020 - Feb 2020
Payment System Integration
Customized order receiving android application created on react native and MySQL lite
database. Application is capable of importing products and customer lists that use to take
an order with their customer reference.
Jun 2021 - Aug 2021
Android application for order receiving
The Web application is based on the PHP CodeIgniter framework. Users have all CRUD
functionality in the Invoice system and also manage users' access limitations. And user
can print their invoice as well.
Apr 2020 - May 2020
Invoice System
The Web-application is for company client to view their marketing data and feedback on
it. In this Application, the marketing data is coming from multiple resources like google
Ads API, tracking code and etc. The system technology is the PHP CodeIgniter framework
I have used to build a complete application with ajax for secure asynchronous request
data from the server.
Mar 2022 - Jun 2022
CRM System
This was our FYP project at graduation. We have used a 2d floor plan dataset and train
model on all different objects like walls, tables, chairs, etc. Then separated those regions
by using masking and replacing those objects with 3D components to create a 3D floor
plan.
Jun 2019 - Sep 2020
Floor map 2D to 3D model by using AI
{end}